hey guys mr. left foot in here and today
I have a team deathmatch game on your
town for you guys I wanted to talk about
like the weapon i was using and i'll
touch on like the whole class of
shotguns in general and black ops
compared to like some other reason
called Dewey's and i'll talk about like
a class i'm using and it perks to use
with shotgun class just like face ponte
say i'm actually using a few min right
now which is just actually just
unbelievable because this was like the
eighth or ninth game that me and my
buddies were playing on Nuketown and we
were just absolutely wrecking kids we
got like every single game we had played
on Nuketown we just won by around so um
that was a lot of fun so about shotguns
fifty percent of them are actually
really good vibrate if you like
obviously like from some other gameplay
would waylay with Aaron like you want
amuse me right now is called the
stakeout very good gun and it's usually
wanted to shot one at close range to it
farther away arranged has our good
rolling in a good mount damage only four
shots and I think of 12 shots outside of
the ball pops out of solder the ones in
chambers to 16 in total I think that's a
little low if you're going to try to
rack up like a big kill streak like I
did in this game but I mean it still
does it still works pretty well because
of class you're running can be pretty
versatile with most guns especially
after you've gotten your kill streaks
and things like that the spaz is pretty
good gun its semi-automatic has eight
rounds so and you feel like you have a
lot more ammo and that thing he does
cementum actually do feel like you
through am a lot quicker but it really
all bounces out like two to three shot
pro ratio is wrong at very close range
and that's that's a very good gun no
attachment for that is sound so the only
time you can have for the stake out a
script which i think is very attached
and coordinate at we can have for the
classified shotgun it looks call right
now is a dual wield um two faggots not
to use archive on the tragedies in one
game I just did not like it all the
range was not very good i think was like
semi-automatic with four rounds in the
clip it just did not work well I just
didn't find like it did enough damage
and I guess it's kind of meant to be
dual wielded but if you're going to be
using a shotgun in this game then you're
in need to slide a hand because you're
going to need need to be reloading
really especially with dual wielding and
with all that dual wielding shotguns
you're probably in lost city appropiate
fast going to be all over the place and
set am actually keeps your shots kind of
manageable but like the Olympia just not
enough damage horrible range only two
shots in the clip takes a while to erode
just not a good gun but all right about
the class what I'm running and like I've
tested switching out the first perk
between ghosts and marathon found out
the best class for shotguns sorry not
marathon ago since our lightweight ghost
eyes for a moment or two here with
marathon the first part but what you do
is you have a lightweight sleight of
hand and
that gives you a quick maneuverability
lightweight allows you to get places
quicker and it just gives you a lot more
overall we're silly you can like duck
behind doors kind of like I get the last
kilims game and I was getting shot at
and if I did enough light weight on not
like i think i was done i don't think i
could have gotten behind like a wall and
popped out into the glass guy so light
weight is a very big help when it comes
to shotguns and also a good thing about
that this like this class is like it
works pretty well for the guns like I've
picked up by guys khalil before and I
was just devastating people with it I
got like I think about 10 kills with it
um so it's working pretty well even
addressing the native gun there it's got
a collateral sit like this with the
hipfire get here is not going to study
video finally Spotify because I won't
say it I lost I like I like spray and my
shotguns also I find sigh handful a good
because if your wedding like a really
low ammo capacity shotgun and you're
definitely gonna need some sleight of
hand just to stay in the game now about
shotguns compared to like call duty I'm
every shopping in the world so I'm not
gonna talk about that about like mom
okay to and cod4 prepares called you for
I think back and fairy I like when we
got there in this game you have four
different shotguns and half them are
good and told you for we only two
different shotguns to choose from and
marys email your enjoyment blows up but
how likely do hair but better than your
hair gum for I don't call them common
sweet babe you slut ever run juggernaut
with shotguns and all good forward now
is very frustrating about shotguns in
this game try tomorrow for checking a
mall
42 there were a lot cheaper like some of
them is absolutely ridiculous i think
they piss people off more but in this
game like when you get be with a shotgun
mic vibrating finding by don't get my
way through the air but you're just like
wow I really want something to counter
that guy in say getting pissed off with
some guy right now extended mags a 12 is
on with that and you still feeling like
either how or why but I think it takes a
lot more skill in this game Keys a
shotgun my dairy got there laughter my
parents that one sign just got good job
man we are but um I do think that
shotguns are very good in black ops I
take more skill and black I'm square
tomorrow for two especially since you
have tablets a primary takes a lot more
guts than showing them as a secondary
which is why baby buffalo tend to do but
anyways guys I will put up another
gameplay commentary tomorrow we talk
about another class weapons and thanks
for watching